Add legacy_name param to use the original attachment names (#35520)
demisto/content: Packs/EmailCommunication/ReleaseNotes/2_0_30.md

#### Scripts

##### PreprocessEmail

> - Updated the script to handle both attachments names in the original format (eg., image.png) and in the new format <Attachment-ID\>-attachmentName-<Attachment-name\> (eg., 123-attachmentName-image.png).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the script to handle both attachments names in the original format (e.g., image.png) and in the new format <Attachment-ID\>-attachmentName-<Attachment-name\> (e.g., 123-attachmentName-image.png).
```
